Hello world!

I decided to pick up iOS app development this week. I've had a few ideas
bouncing around in my head for a while now, and finally had the spark of
motivation to learn Swift and SwiftUI! Coming from my frontend framework
background, I actually found SwiftUI pretty easy to understand and get used
after the initial hurdle of learning to navigate Xcode. I might look into
setting up VSCode for working with Swift since I'm more comfortable with it's
controls. If you've been interested in picking up SwiftUI too, I'm currently
following the
[100 Days of SwiftUI](https://www.hackingwithswift.com/100/swiftui) course
(albeit, going at a pace far exceeding what it recommends, due to not being a
beginner) and it explains the various Swift and SwiftUI concepts very well!

I also added RSS feed support for these weeknotes to my website earlier in the
week, so if you're wanting to keep up with these for whatever reason you can
just add [the feed](https://ovyerus.com/weeknotes/rss.xml) to whatever app you
enjoy using, and it should Just Work™️.

Despite the forecast at the start of the week looking pretty dreary, it ended up
being clear just about ever day. I was able to get a walk in just about every
day, but had to skip out on Tuesday due to it deciding to be the exception and
pouring almost all day. I hope I'm able to find time this coming week to keep
this going as a habit.

I finally managed to secure a lease for a new place after searching for several
months! Will be moving in about a month, and I already can't wait.

All I've been playing this week has been
[No Man's Sky](https://store.steampowered.com/app/275850/No_Mans_Sky/) again,
going through the main story and side content after finishing off the community
expedition last week. There's actually a _ton_ of content I didn't realise I was
missing out on because I wasn't investigating stuff properly in the past, and
it's all pretty awesome!

This week's song is
[Otherwise - Cruel Unusual](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVHOuk8CeVE).
